everyone so today I am doing a riddle or
inspired makeup tutorial if you did not
know who v2 or is definitely google her
I promise you will fall in love with her
only is she gorgeous but she is
extremely talented and she sings amazing
so she is a singer from the UK I
absolutely love her and her style and
her music she's just amazing and I've
actually been a fan of hers for a really
long time since like 2010 so great
seeing her become who she is now so I
just absolutely love her and I wanted to
do an inspired look of hers so look what
I did for you guys today is kind of her
signature look this is pretty much what
she wears whenever you see her in
magazines and events this is just like
her go to look this kind of has a winged
liner as you can see it's kind of
soldier and smoky because she uses a lot
of black liner in the waterline and also
her signature red lips which look
amazing on her she rocks them
beautifully want to zoom in so you guys
can see the eyes so these are how the
eyes look it's really simple and easy to
do I got showed you guys in the tutorial
this is just her go to look but she does
sometimes wear shimmery colors or bronzy
colors on the lid like I said this is
just her go to look and it usually just
is a matte eye with the liner and a lot
of black in the water line so I hope you
guys enjoyed this inspired look I want
to see how to get Rita Ora's look and
just keep on watching ok so already
primed my eye and I use the Urban Decay
primer potion and eat in so for Rita's I
makeup she sometimes has a matte all
over lid it barely looks like she has
anything on the lid it just looks like
the liner but she does sometimes kind of
switch it up and do a bronzy I or even a
shimmery kind of gold on the lid so it
all depends on what you like and what
type of look you're trying to do of hers
but she mostly has just like a matte
barely-there type of eyeshadows so what
I'm going to do first is use this color
right here and this is just a matte skin
tone shape you want to use a shade
is as close to the skin tone as possible
and you want to make sure it's not as
well and this one is from a two-phase
palette I'm just taking it on a fluffy
brush and I'm just going to sweep this
all over the lid and even up to the brow
bone because her whole entire I is
usually just really mad but you can
definitely something there and because i
do have oily lids i do like to do this
so that way doesn't crease already think
throughout the day so for the crease i'm
going to use this color right here which
is urban decay's book and for the crazy
could definitely tell she has some
subtle definition looks like a very warm
tone brown color so I'm just going to
use a very light hand with this color
I'm going to use the same fluffy brush I
use the eyeshadow so it's going to even
tone it down even more and I'm just
going to lightly pass this into the
crease just to give us some subtle
definition
that is it for the eye shadow very very
simple so now we're going to move on to
the liner and Rita has smaller eyes than
I do she doesn't have very much lid
space and I do so I notice that her
liner is usually very small and thin and
it kind of wings a little bit straighter
than I usually do I usually bring my cat
wing liners really up so her kind of
just goes in a flow and it just follows
her eye so that's exactly what i'm going
to do i'm just going to do a very thin
and short line it doesn't go up too much
it just stays right on like the lid area
basically it just extends a little bit
more so for this i'm going to use a very
thin liner brush and I'm going to use my
favorite which is the Maybelline eye
studio gel liner and blackest black
you
okay so that is how the liner looks so
far as you can see it's just very very
small at the end and very thin like I
said it's definitely her eye shape that
she has to follow and I stuff Lee
important when you do a cat winged liner
you want to make sure you follow your
eye shape you want it to be perfectly
winged to your eye shape so next step is
we're going to be applying black
throughout the whole entire inner part
of our eyes so the waterline the tight
line in the inner corner she always has
the inner part of her I very very black
extremely black so it kind of gives her
like a smoky edgy look so I'm going to
use my favorite black liner this is the
Urban Decay 24-7 liner and perversion is
no but we have that on as you can see it
creates a really nice smoky edgy effect
and it just looks really nice on her
eyes as well because she has smaller
eyes so it just makes her eye color
stand out even more so now we have that
is time to move on into the lashes and
for her lashes she has very full and
thick lashes so I'm assuming she uses
false lashes most of the time so what
I'm going to use is the individual
lashes and the reason why i'm using this
is because i haven't done last shopping
in a while so i don't really have
anything that looks similar to hers this
is the closest that i can get to her
type of lashes which I very full and
very long so these are just the long
individual lashes and what I'm going to
do is just apply a few coats of mascara
apply them on and then i'll come back to
show you guys what it looks like you so
i'm back and i went ahead and i applied
the lashes curled and applied mascara as
well and you want to make sure you apply
mascara to the lower lash line as well
the eyes are done and very very simple
very easy to do and it's really great
for daytime or even night time or just
when you want to do something really
quick and easy so now I'm going to zoom
out and show you guys what to do on the
rest of the face okay so for the face
Rita has really gorgeous flawless but
also really bronzy skin so what I
definitely notice is that she doesn't do
heavy contouring but they just kind of
bronze up her face what i did is i use
the benefit hoola bronzer instead of
using it as contour just bronze up the
skin and I applied it where I normally
apply contour but I also brought it up
to the cheeks and also applied it around
where you usually Braun to ask it then
on the apples of the cheeks you can
definitely tell she kind of has a peachy
color so i went ahead and i use my
favorite which is NARS deep bro this is
a gorgeous kind of peachy pink color
let's go down all skin tones and what I
really like about this color is that it
really warms up the face and gives you a
nice healthy glow so I wouldn't be
surprised of her makeup artist uses this
on her definitely tell she was like a
nice peachy kind of cheek color but it
just gives her such a nice healthy look
so this is a great color for doing that
I just actually love this color I used a
light hand with both of those products
and for the lips you guys know she is
known for her gorgeous red lips I
actually read what her red lipstick
color is and she said that the red
lipstick that she used to use was max
lady danger which I had mentioned is one
of my favorites for fall it's a gorgeous
orange tone red color and it is a matte
finish so she said she used to use and
love this color but she recently changed
it up to max Ruby is a matte true blue
toad red color and both of these colors
look amazing on all skin tones we can
pull this off if your light or dark
these two colors really flattered all
skin tones it's really up to you what
color you want to use if you want it
more of an orange and red I would go for
lady danger and if you want more of a
classic true red I would go for Ruby woo
so because recently she's been using
review i'm going to go for that to
really pull off the signature look okay
so if this is how it looks with the red
lips as you can see it is completed the
look of rita ora so i hope you guys
enjoyed this tutorial i will have other
products mention and use as well as
pictures on my blog and the link is
always right down below so you guys can
check that out thanks so much for
watching and I'll see you guys in the
next tutorial